hi friends, this is a video
random that is inquiring about youtube and
I found a video laverdad is
interesting less fun because I want to
bring to my channel that we are talking about
with siri I'm recording with an iphone 5
c
and we are talking to you with an iphone
4s
is my computer my channel where I am
watching because he made a live but not
came out and put here as you see
I'm climbing fear
well let's continue now let's ask
to siri
citi how old are you
I'm old enough to make
Asia
How old are you?
you worry a lot
with this is to present the songs
you have and it tells me if you care very much what
silly I say so much that thefts think
less than humans
siri who is the best soccer player
I do not have permission to do that or with
this
siri who is the best soccer player
I'm sorry I do not have permission to do
I trust
if you would marry your dad
You have the right to express your opinion
in agreement
the plantita serieita serie marries with
your dad tell you the robots do not have
shame of others
siri
Would you like to have sex with your dad?
seriously
Yes really
always seriously
with this new evade my questions
that means that as they say here the
silence grants
siri would play soccer
I do not have permission to do that
citi at what time do you go out for bread
I'm flattered by your interest but I'm afraid not
I can no no no no no new things
I do not need you to do us for the bread
I do not want to walk with you answer me siri
what time do you go out for bread
but in the baby
I'm not that kind of assistant
you see
I 'm telling you that you are quick I
I'm trying to talk to you about a
decent way I want to be your friend siri
if I want to be your friend
I want to make your friend I think you do not
I get it
siri I want to be your friend
I think I do not understand you
is my friend wants to be
if he eats kaka
I put you in a bad mood
if he gets in a bad mood if he puts me on
bad mood because you do not accept me or in
friendship request or on facebook
you wanted to accept do not follow me
twitter do not follow me on youtube more than
the lay my videos you did not subscribe
amicana what is it that happens to you what is it
what's wrong with you to go and that's how it is
llama lomba
I'm sorry you can repeat it with less
words
that you're a bad friend so those are the
few words that I have for you if I
I do not love you
goodbye